{"id":1,"rationale":"The question asks what type of facility uses a revolving door not only for two-way traffic but also to control entry. The place would typically need to monitor visitors and restrict unauthorized access."}
{"id":2,"rationale":"The question asks for a place where magazines are stored or displayed together with books, newspapers, and other printed materials. It should be a location organized for reading, borrowing, browsing, or purchasing publications."}
{"id":3,"rationale":"The question asks where a person would commonly obtain or encounter a hamburger. The location should prepare or sell casual meals, especially sandwiches and other quickly served foods."}
{"id":4,"rationale":"The question asks which kind of geographic area would offer suitable farmland for purchase. James would look for a largely rural region known for agriculture, available land, and favorable growing conditions."}
{"id":5,"rationale":"The question asks for a country in North America where Spanish is widely spoken and coffee production or coffee culture is notable. The intended place must satisfy both the language and geographic constraints."}
{"id":6,"rationale":"The question contrasts human vision with the larger number of visual organs found in many spiders. It asks for the ordinary number or arrangement of those organs in humans."}
{"id":7,"rationale":"The question asks for the general term used for the young produced when wild animals reproduce. The term should refer collectively to newly produced descendants rather than to a species-specific baby name."}
{"id":8,"rationale":"The question asks what intellectual benefit someone seeks by reading unfamiliar material. Leaving one’s comfort zone can expand understanding, expose a reader to new ideas, and increase useful information."}
{"id":9,"rationale":"The question asks where a newly hired person would hope to perform well and advance. The answer should describe the employment role or professional path that begins after being hired."}
{"id":10,"rationale":"The question asks how perjury is classified under the law. Knowingly making false statements while under oath is prohibited conduct that can bring formal punishment."}
{"id":11,"rationale":"The question asks what becomes necessary when procrastination leaves too little time before a deadline. Finishing on time generally requires an unusually concentrated effort or more work within a shorter period."}
{"id":12,"rationale":"The question asks what activity or arrangement involves waiting until one’s turn arrives. The person would typically be positioned with others in an ordered sequence for service or access."}
{"id":13,"rationale":"The question asks what equipment allows a human to go beneath the water safely. The needed item must support breathing or otherwise protect the person during underwater activity."}
{"id":14,"rationale":"The question asks why supplying beer to minors was wrong even without payment. Laws restrict minors’ access to alcohol, so giving or purchasing it for them can be unlawful regardless of profit."}
{"id":15,"rationale":"The question asks about a typical prerequisite to shopping. A person generally needs to decide what is needed, obtain spending resources, or travel to a place where goods are sold before making purchases."}
{"id":16,"rationale":"The question asks how repeated discussion of the same subject with the same person may affect someone. Such repetition can become tiresome enough that a person develops a negative emotional reaction to it."}
{"id":17,"rationale":"The question asks for a type of outdoor place where a bench may be surrounded by trees. It should be a maintained or accessible green area intended for sitting, resting, or enjoying nature."}
{"id":18,"rationale":"The question asks where one shower curtain would normally be installed and used. It would be in a private washing area where the curtain keeps water inside the bathing space."}
{"id":19,"rationale":"The question uses “pawn” in its game-piece sense and asks for the larger system in which every piece has a role. The answer must be a strategic board activity containing pawns and several other kinds of pieces."}
{"id":20,"rationale":"The question asks which normal property of a basketball would be contradicted by the presence of a hole, even if the ball retained its shape. A punctured ball would no longer be completely sealed or structurally undamaged."}
{"id":21,"rationale":"The question asks for a setting where white mice are commonly kept or encountered. Such mice are often associated with controlled environments used for observation, breeding, or scientific study."}
{"id":22,"rationale":"The question asks about a major life opportunity that a murder conviction could take away. Severe criminal penalties can restrict freedom and prevent ordinary participation in personal, civic, or professional activities."}
{"id":23,"rationale":"The question asks what form of transportation remains possible without a car when a person can still use both feet. Smelly socks and blisters may make it uncomfortable, but they do not necessarily eliminate basic movement on foot."}
{"id":24,"rationale":"The question asks about the central social and economic function of farmers. Their work involves raising living products from the land so that people have essential goods, especially nourishment."}
{"id":25,"rationale":"The question asks for a common place or container used to keep a small coin for future use. It should hold saved money securely and allow additional coins to be collected over time."}
{"id":26,"rationale":"The question asks where raw seafood should be stored before cooking. Uncooked crab meat is highly perishable and needs a cold food-storage environment to slow spoilage and bacterial growth."}
{"id":27,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of container or storage you would use to transport pans. The appropriate place should hold cookware securely and make it practical to carry from one location to another."}
{"id":28,"rationale":"The question asks about a basic requirement for someone hired to work in a kitchen. Kitchen work typically requires an ability or qualification relevant to preparing food and performing kitchen duties."}
{"id":29,"rationale":"The question asks for a public setting where many wind instruments would commonly be found together. Such instruments are often grouped in an organized musical ensemble performing for an audience."}
{"id":30,"rationale":"The question asks what response you want from someone when you illustrate a point. Giving an example or demonstration is generally intended to help the other person grasp or understand an idea."}
{"id":31,"rationale":"The question asks what excessive greed can prevent a person from doing. Greed involves continually wanting more, which can make it difficult to feel content with what one already has."}
{"id":32,"rationale":"The question asks what attitude or practice is important when learning about unfamiliar cultures while trying to eliminate preconceived notions. This requires approaching new information without rigid assumptions and being willing to reconsider prior beliefs."}
{"id":33,"rationale":"The question asks for a common practical reason someone might prefer a large house. A larger home provides additional room for people, possessions, activities, or greater personal space."}
{"id":34,"rationale":"The question asks for a simple description of what hikers did when they stopped to have a drink. Drinking during physical activity replaces fluids and addresses the body's need for water."}
{"id":35,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of surface a kitten might slide across when its claws cannot gain traction. A hard, smooth surface provides little for claws to grip, making slipping more likely."}
{"id":36,"rationale":"The question asks what physical action helps someone keep an object in their hand. Preventing an object from falling requires maintaining a secure hold by applying sufficient grip."}
{"id":37,"rationale":"The question asks about a common risk shared by baseball and other sports. Physical activity, rapid movement, collisions, and equipment can cause bodily harm during play."}
{"id":38,"rationale":"The question asks about a typical kindergarten routine immediately before children take a nap. Teachers commonly guide children through a calming transitional activity that helps them settle down and become ready to rest."}
{"id":39,"rationale":"The question describes Bob in a small, enclosed, poorly illuminated space with four walls and no visible exit. The task is to identify the type of enclosed place that best fits those physical conditions."}
{"id":40,"rationale":"The question describes a lit card slot as a clue for beginning an activity involving balance. The relevant object would be a machine or device activated by inserting or using a card and requiring the user to maintain physical balance."}
{"id":41,"rationale":"The question contrasts releasing energy through work with another common outlet. The alternative should be an activity people use for recreation, physical exertion, or relaxation rather than productive labor."}
{"id":42,"rationale":"The question asks what idea or principle a person might believe in while cleaning clothes. The relevant belief would concern keeping clothing, oneself, or one's surroundings clean and hygienic."}
{"id":43,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of facility would have a specialized runway capable of handling an extremely large cargo aircraft. Such aircraft require extensive aviation infrastructure, sufficient runway capacity, and facilities designed for large planes."}
{"id":44,"rationale":"The question asks what type of commercial place would sell an upright piano. The appropriate seller would specialize in musical instruments or large keyboard instruments and have space to display them."}
{"id":45,"rationale":"The question asks where an ottoman would normally be placed when kept near a home's front door. It would typically occupy an interior entry area where furniture can be conveniently used upon entering or leaving."}
{"id":46,"rationale":"The question asks about another serious injury that can result from unsafe diving into shallow backyard pools. A head-first impact can damage structures connecting the head to the rest of the body and may cause severe neurological consequences."}
{"id":47,"rationale":"The question asks for a situation or place where people commonly become impatient. Impatience often develops when people must wait for service, movement, access, or their turn for longer than expected."}
{"id":48,"rationale":"The question contrasts style or form with the quality Bob considers more important. The intended concept concerns how well something works, what it accomplishes, or its practical usefulness."}
{"id":49,"rationale":"The question asks for a common reason someone would watch television rather than engage in another activity. Television is often chosen for entertainment, relaxation, or passing time when a person does not want to do something more active or demanding."}
{"id":50,"rationale":"The question asks what genre of story would plausibly include a weasel that can speak like a human. Talking animals are characteristic of imaginative, non-realistic storytelling involving magical or anthropomorphic elements."}
{"id":51,"rationale":"The question asks about something that can abruptly interrupt a person who is running. Relevant situations include encountering an unexpected physical obstacle, hazard, or condition that prevents continued forward movement."}
{"id":52,"rationale":"The question asks about the natural habitat where wild monkeys are commonly found. Monkeys typically live in warm regions with abundant vegetation, trees, food, and shelter."}
{"id":53,"rationale":"The question asks what someone might enroll in when a computer is difficult to understand. A typical response is a structured learning activity that teaches computer knowledge and practical skills."}
{"id":54,"rationale":"The question asks about the main function for which cars are used. Cars are designed primarily to move people and sometimes their belongings from one location to another."}
{"id":55,"rationale":"The question asks for a place where numerous loud machines are normal despite the irritating noise. Such a place would typically involve industrial, construction, or other machinery-intensive activity."}
{"id":56,"rationale":"The question asks about a physical consequence of prolonged kissing. Extended close contact can affect breathing or create a need to pause for air."}
{"id":57,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of modern device would commonly provide illumination in a living room. It should be an electrically powered household source designed to produce visible light."}
{"id":58,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of person might reasonably wear dark glasses indoors. Relevant situations include someone protecting sensitive eyes, concealing their eyes, or having a recognizable occupational or personal reason for doing so."}
{"id":59,"rationale":"The question asks for a setting where stones would not normally be deliberately arranged to form a walkway. The intended setting should contrast with gardens, yards, or landscaped areas where stone paths are common."}
{"id":60,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of work or object commonly features a bald eagle. The bird is strongly associated with American national symbolism and can appear as an emblem or illustration on official or patriotic material."}
{"id":61,"rationale":"The question asks about the destination or purpose of a car traveling from one state to another. Its goal is to reach a location in the stated destination state rather than remain at its point of origin."}
{"id":62,"rationale":"The question asks for the everyday Australian term for discarded household material. Regional varieties of English can use a different common word for waste than the term used in American English."}
{"id":63,"rationale":"The question describes repeated overeating followed by intentionally causing the recently eaten food to leave the body because of a psychological or eating-related problem. The required word describes what the person makes herself do after eating."}
{"id":64,"rationale":"The question asks for the destination of a hired car that was called to take a passenger to a performance venue. The vehicle would be traveling toward the venue named as the passenger's destination."}
{"id":65,"rationale":"The question asks what people attend or visit in order to experience entertainment performed in real time. The relevant event or venue involves performers appearing before an audience rather than recorded entertainment."}
{"id":66,"rationale":"The question asks what type of low-lying land commonly contains a creek. Flowing water often follows depressions between higher areas, creating a natural low corridor in the landscape."}
{"id":67,"rationale":"The question asks about the typical enclosure used to house a pet bird. It should be a secure structure that keeps the bird contained while allowing air, visibility, and space for basic movement."}
{"id":68,"rationale":"The question asks for something commonly given to a dog as an enjoyable reward. It should be safe and appealing for dogs and typically used as a snack, reward, or chewing item."}
{"id":69,"rationale":"The question asks what successful memorization demonstrates about the relevant part of someone's brain despite an apparently impaired condition. Remembering a list indicates that the mental system responsible for forming or retaining memories was still functioning."}
{"id":70,"rationale":"The question asks where a rubber mat intended for bathing is normally kept. Such mats are used in a room containing bathing fixtures, where they help provide footing on wet surfaces."}
{"id":71,"rationale":"The question asks what surface or cooking implement meat can be placed on for heating. It should support the meat while exposing it to sufficient heat for cooking."}
{"id":72,"rationale":"The question asks how someone who does not eat mineral-rich leafy vegetables might obtain needed minerals. Relevant alternatives include other foods or products specifically used to supplement dietary nutrients."}
{"id":73,"rationale":"The question asks for a household surface or piece of furniture that can support a telephone. It should provide a stable, accessible place where the device can rest and be used."}
{"id":74,"rationale":"The question asks what language someone from Iran is likely to use. The relevant language should be one widely spoken and officially used in Iran."}
{"id":75,"rationale":"The question asks what normal activity was likely missed because someone stayed at a party throughout the night. An all-night event leaves little or no time for the usual nighttime period of rest."}
{"id":76,"rationale":"The question asks how to communicate information when the recipient cannot hear spoken language. Communication should use a visual or otherwise non-auditory method that the person can understand."}
{"id":77,"rationale":"The question asks about a behavior that religious belief considers incompatible with the nature of God. Relevant teachings commonly portray God as perfectly moral, trustworthy, or incapable of certain wrongdoing."}
{"id":78,"rationale":"The question asks what could transport a container between locations. The answer must be something capable of carrying or moving objects from one place to another."}
{"id":79,"rationale":"The question asks about an event or setting where horses are evaluated for their physical appearance. Such judging occurs in organized competitions where animals are presented and compared."}
{"id":80,"rationale":"The question asks what activity a radio enables someone to do while their hands are occupied with knitting. A radio provides audio content that can be perceived without interrupting manual work."}
{"id":81,"rationale":"The question asks where papers are normally placed while someone is actively working with them. The location should be a flat work surface that supports writing, reading, or organizing documents."}
{"id":82,"rationale":"The question contrasts fish in their natural aquatic environment with fish being sold commercially. In a market, fish would be found in an area or display intended for selling food products."}
{"id":83,"rationale":"The question asks about a place where people play games involving wagers or money. The setting should be an establishment associated with organized gambling."}
{"id":84,"rationale":"The question asks what financial precaution is sensible when traveling because unplanned expenses can occur. A traveler should have additional funds or financial resources available beyond expected costs."}
{"id":85,"rationale":"The question asks for another category of taxes a person might owe in addition to overdue taxes. The relevant concept is a distinct common tax obligation that can exist alongside tax arrears."}
{"id":86,"rationale":"The question asks how a concerned parent might characterize football because of its physical nature. The relevant concern is the sport's contact, injuries, and potential danger to players."}
{"id":87,"rationale":"The question asks what parents value a backyard as providing for children. A backyard can serve as a protected location where children can spend time and engage in activities."}
{"id":88,"rationale":"The question asks what loud environmental sound around a boat could prevent the crew from hearing someone calling from the water. The source should be a naturally or mechanically produced noise typical of boating conditions."}
{"id":89,"rationale":"The question refers to traveling to watch a famous, very large motorsport spectacle. It asks for the location associated with that major racing event."}
{"id":90,"rationale":"The question asks for a universal experience or characteristic shared by humans. The answer should describe something broadly inherent to ordinary human life rather than a specialized activity."}
{"id":91,"rationale":"The question asks what unwanted condition candles can reduce or remove. Relevant everyday uses include changing the sensory environment by providing light, heat, or fragrance."}
{"id":92,"rationale":"The question asks where someone would need to go in order to begin traveling toward a star. Such travel requires a place associated with launching vehicles beyond Earth."}
{"id":93,"rationale":"The question asks where fabric is commonly kept inside a home. The answer should be a household storage location suitable for folded or unused textiles."}
{"id":94,"rationale":"The question asks where a person experiencing serious physical distress should seek help. The appropriate destination should provide professional medical assessment and treatment."}
{"id":95,"rationale":"The question asks what hazard cats typically try to avoid while carefully moving through an area. The answer should be something threatening, unpleasant, or likely to cause harm or unwanted contact."}
{"id":96,"rationale":"The question asks about a common visible change in the sky shortly before rainfall. Rain is often preceded by increasing cloud cover and a reduction in brightness."}
{"id":97,"rationale":"The question asks what someone lacking friends might do in response to social isolation. The relevant behavior would involve seeking social contact, companionship, or opportunities to form relationships."}
{"id":98,"rationale":"The question asks what simple social action an adult might request from a child during a first meeting. It should be a basic introductory behavior that helps establish identity or begin interaction."}
{"id":99,"rationale":"The question asks where a toy soldier would typically be located while a child is actively playing with it. The location should be an ordinary play area or surface where toys are handled and arranged."}
{"id":100,"rationale":"The question asks about a setting where space allocated for eating is typically limited. The answer should be a type of place where compact dimensions make the dining area relatively small."}
{"id":101,"rationale":"The question asks about repeated physical impacts during football and the health consequences that can accumulate from them. Frequent forceful collisions involving the head can cause injuries whose effects may become more concerning when they happen repeatedly."}
{"id":102,"rationale":"The question asks where someone would normally obtain a lizard intended to be kept as a household pet. The relevant place is a business or seller that provides live companion animals and appropriate pet supplies."}
{"id":103,"rationale":"The question asks which part of a hotel commonly hosts a reception while ordinary hotel guests can still pass nearby. The venue should be a shared or event-oriented area within the hotel rather than a private guest room."}
{"id":104,"rationale":"The question connects eating beans with an embarrassing bodily effect that can occur shortly afterward. Beans commonly increase intestinal gas, and sudden movement or pressure can make that gas escape."}
{"id":105,"rationale":"The question asks about a place where people commonly want or consume substantial amounts of coffee. The relevant setting is one associated with serving coffee or with situations where people rely on caffeine for alertness."}
{"id":106,"rationale":"The question asks for an extremely cold place where productive farmland would be difficult to find. The setting should be known for severe cold, frozen ground, or conditions generally unsuitable for conventional agriculture."}
{"id":107,"rationale":"The question asks what a key owned and used by one individual would normally operate. A personal key is typically used to unlock something private, secured, and associated with that person's property or access."}
{"id":108,"rationale":"The question asks why a cat would repeatedly bother its owner at a predictable time of day. Cats often pester people when they expect a routine need such as being fed to be satisfied."}
{"id":109,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of organized group contains an alto section. Alto is a vocal range used to divide singers into parts within a group that performs vocal music together."}
{"id":110,"rationale":"The question asks for the broad animal class characterized in everyday terms by having hair and generally giving birth rather than laying eggs. These traits are associated with a major vertebrate group whose young are typically nourished with milk."}
{"id":111,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of residence would fit a wealthy, aristocratic person associated with traditional fox hunting. Such a person would stereotypically occupy a large, prestigious rural home with access to surrounding countryside."}
{"id":112,"rationale":"The question asks for a setting where one person might deliberately feed another person a grape. This behavior is associated with leisure, intimacy, luxury, or being served while reclining or relaxing."}
{"id":113,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of dream could wake someone and make it difficult to fall asleep again. The dream would have been frightening, disturbing, or emotionally intense rather than pleasant."}
{"id":114,"rationale":"The question asks for the movement a congregation makes when a bell signals the beginning of a church gathering. People would collectively enter or move into the building in an orderly way."}
{"id":115,"rationale":"The question asks for the typical response when a planned romantic meeting fails because the other person never arrives. The person would eventually stop waiting and respond to being stood up, usually by leaving or trying to contact the absent date."}
{"id":116,"rationale":"The question asks about the usual pricing status of merchandise in retail stores, including merchandise temporarily discounted. Most retail goods still require payment and are not given away merely because their prices have been reduced."}
{"id":117,"rationale":"The question asks what medium surrounds and supports clouds in the atmosphere. Clouds consist of tiny water droplets or ice crystals suspended within the gaseous material around Earth."}
{"id":118,"rationale":"The question asks where people ordinarily prepare coffee in a home. Coffee-making equipment and food preparation activities are generally concentrated in the household room designed for preparing food and drinks."}
{"id":119,"rationale":"The question asks where someone would normally purchase a new cutting tool used for wood or similar materials. The appropriate retailer would specialize in tools, building supplies, or home-improvement equipment."}
{"id":120,"rationale":"The question asks what team problem might motivate a coach to alter the lineup when overall effort is declining. The relevant issue is a lack of drive, energy, enthusiasm, or willingness to perform strongly."}
{"id":121,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of place someone would travel to in order to encounter a gazelle in its natural environment. Gazelles are associated with open grasslands and dry plains in regions where they occur naturally."}
{"id":122,"rationale":"The question asks for a place where people remain seated during a power outage because moving through total darkness could be hazardous. The setting likely contains fixed seating, many people, and obstacles or elevation changes that make an unlit exit risky."}
{"id":123,"rationale":"The question uses family relationships as branches or limbs and asks what larger structure gains a new branch when a niece is born. The intended concept is a diagram or representation showing how relatives connect across generations."}
{"id":124,"rationale":"The question asks what activity someone who enjoys communicating would commonly do with people of the same social or age group. The relevant behavior involves exchanging words, ideas, or conversation with others."}
{"id":125,"rationale":"The question asks where a cat would commonly cuddle closely with its owner. The likely setting is a comfortable household place where the person is sitting, reclining, or sleeping and the cat can rest against them."}
{"id":126,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of entertainment might depict a man carrying a suitcase packed with money. Such imagery commonly appears in fictional visual stories involving crime, deals, theft, ransom, or large financial exchanges."}
{"id":127,"rationale":"The question contrasts personal comfort and abundance with seeing someone suffering from homelessness and cold. Such a contrast may produce an emotional reaction involving sympathy, guilt, compassion, or concern for the other person's hardship."}
{"id":128,"rationale":"The question asks what type of place has a reception desk positioned near its main entrance. Reception desks are common in organizations or buildings where visitors and customers need to be greeted, checked in, or directed."}
{"id":129,"rationale":"The question asks where someone's name could be displayed to formally recognize an accomplishment. The appropriate place would be a permanent or prominent display devoted to honoring notable achievements or recipients."}
{"id":130,"rationale":"The question asks what source people commonly use on smartphones when seeking information. Modern phones provide access to a large network of online information that can be searched quickly."}
{"id":131,"rationale":"The question asks where someone preparing for a long hike would carry a container of food. Hikers normally put provisions in portable gear worn on the body that can hold supplies for an extended trip."}
{"id":132,"rationale":"The question asks what physically happens when someone loses their footing on a ladder. Gravity causes a person who slips and cannot regain support to move downward, potentially resulting in injury."}
{"id":133,"rationale":"The question asks for an ordinary action taken when food is needed. Depending on context, a person obtains food by going somewhere it is sold, stored, prepared, or served."}
{"id":134,"rationale":"The question asks what educational milestone someone has achieved after completing undergraduate study. Finishing the required undergraduate program normally means completing a level of higher education and receiving its associated qualification."}
{"id":135,"rationale":"The question asks where someone seeking a responsible stranger who already has children might encounter such a person. A suitable setting would regularly attract adults accompanying or supervising their children."}
{"id":136,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of object is commonly placed beneath furniture. Items put there often protect the floor, stabilize furniture, decorate the room, or cover the area beneath larger pieces."}
{"id":137,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of residential setting suits someone who wants to live without nearby neighbors. The place would be remote, sparsely populated, and separated from other homes."}
{"id":138,"rationale":"The question asks what an older person needing frequent rest might do on a couch before taking a short nap. The relevant action involves reclining or positioning the body comfortably for rest."}
{"id":139,"rationale":"The question asks for an appropriate place or container in which to put a hamburger. The answer should involve something used to hold, serve, store, or transport food hygienically."}
{"id":140,"rationale":"The question asks for a convenient office location to keep a pen so it remains organized and accessible. The suitable place would be a small storage area or holder near a workspace."}
{"id":141,"rationale":"The question asks for the historical period in which a story about World War II would take place. The relevant setting is the era during which that global conflict occurred in the twentieth century."}
{"id":142,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of terrain or geographic environment marmots typically inhabit. These burrowing mammals are strongly associated with elevated, rocky, grassy, or mountainous environments."}
{"id":143,"rationale":"The question asks where a formal rule or law described as a statute can be found when presented on a platform. The wording may point to a public or official setting where such material is displayed, recorded, or presented."}
{"id":144,"rationale":"The question asks what digestive problem someone might fear after eating a hamburger without chewable medicine they normally use preventively. Such medicine is commonly taken to reduce discomfort caused by excess stomach acid after certain foods."}
{"id":145,"rationale":"The question asks for another common condition or need that could affect a cat besides hunger. Cats may experience ordinary needs, moods, illnesses, fatigue, thirst, or desires for attention and activity."}
{"id":146,"rationale":"The question asks what acoustic condition remains after the only source of sound in a room is switched off. With no music and no other noise, there would be an absence of audible sound."}
{"id":147,"rationale":"The question asks which nation has the greatest overall number of fast-food restaurants. Relevant background includes population size, the development of large fast-food chains, and the prevalence of this restaurant format within a country."}
{"id":148,"rationale":"The question asks what people may do when their thinking is rushed rather than deliberate. Acting or deciding too quickly can lead to impulsive conclusions, errors, or insufficient consideration of consequences."}
{"id":149,"rationale":"The question asks what process is required to turn dirty clothing into clean clothing. Clothes need to undergo cleaning with water and appropriate cleaning agents, usually followed by drying."}
{"id":150,"rationale":"The question asks what age-related description would explain why Christine believes pregnancy is implausible for her. The relevant property is being at a stage of life beyond the age when pregnancy is ordinarily expected or biologically likely."}
{"id":151,"rationale":"The question asks about the usual objective when participating in a ball game. Such play generally involves using the ball according to the game's rules to perform the actions needed for success."}
{"id":152,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of destination someone confined to a train station might dream about. A person longing for travel would likely imagine a faraway or interesting place reachable through a journey."}
{"id":153,"rationale":"The question asks where physical evidence would be taken for use in a legal proceeding. Evidence relevant to a case is brought to the formal place where the case is heard and evaluated."}
{"id":154,"rationale":"The question asks what people searching for rocks would naturally be looking toward. Rocks are ordinarily found on or in the surface beneath people's feet, so searching for them directs attention downward."}
{"id":155,"rationale":"The question asks for a place where dictionaries and other written works are organized for people to borrow. It should be an institution that maintains a collection of books and lends them to users."}
{"id":156,"rationale":"The question asks about the typical method used by someone who paints houses. House painting generally involves applying paint to walls or other surfaces with ordinary painting equipment."}
{"id":157,"rationale":"The question asks what positive quality can make two people feel secure about their relationship while saying goodbye. A strong relationship usually depends on mutual confidence, reliability, and belief in one another."}
{"id":158,"rationale":"The question asks how a farmer creates a seasonal maze from crops. This requires arranging or removing parts of a standing crop so that paths and confusing passages are formed."}
{"id":159,"rationale":"The question asks about the common change in men's hair associated with a receding hairline. With age, hair can become less dense or disappear progressively around parts of the scalp."}
{"id":160,"rationale":"The question asks what tends to happen to someone who plays poker poorly. Since poker involves competition for stakes, consistently poor play generally leads to an unfavorable outcome."}
{"id":161,"rationale":"The question asks how the snake might be characterized based on John's extreme affection for it despite disliking everyone else. The description should emphasize that the animal is uniquely valued and emotionally important to him."}
{"id":162,"rationale":"The question asks for the broader geographic location implied by being outside Fort Wayne and picking from an apple tree. Identifying the place requires knowing the state or region containing that city."}
{"id":163,"rationale":"The question asks for the kind of understanding gained by learning why different societies have particular customs and standards. This involves awareness of how culture shapes people's beliefs, practices, and behavior."}
{"id":164,"rationale":"The question asks about a likely consequence of doing routine tasks while dealing with screaming children. Noise, demands, and difficulty completing errands commonly produce psychological strain or frustration."}
{"id":165,"rationale":"The question asks what internal factor could lead someone to commit murder. It is looking for a harmful purpose, motivation, or state of mind associated with intentionally killing another person."}
{"id":166,"rationale":"The question asks about an ordinary way a person communicates with other people. Human communication commonly involves producing and exchanging language through speech or another familiar interpersonal medium."}
{"id":167,"rationale":"The question asks where coworkers in an office might casually exchange gossip. It should be a shared workplace area where colleagues naturally meet and have informal conversations."}
{"id":168,"rationale":"The question contrasts ridiculous behavior with the attitude socially expected at a funeral. Funerals normally call for restrained, respectful, and appropriately solemn behavior."}
{"id":169,"rationale":"The question asks for the typical setting in which a child sits at a desk. Desks are commonly used by children in places devoted to lessons and learning."}
{"id":170,"rationale":"The question asks generally what kind of place people inhabit as their residence. The expected concept is a dwelling or residential setting that provides everyday shelter and living space."}
{"id":171,"rationale":"The question asks what type of person an elderly individual might seek when assistance with routine daily activities is needed. The helper would typically provide personal care or practical support with everyday tasks."}
{"id":172,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of place traditionally has a telephone directory in nearly every room. This suggests a lodging establishment where many separate guest rooms are equipped with basic reference and telephone materials."}
{"id":173,"rationale":"The question asks where a driver might commonly see an expanse of green land. Such scenery is typical of open rural areas beside roads rather than dense built-up surroundings."}
{"id":174,"rationale":"The question asks what activity describes traveling to work specifically on foot. The relevant concept is the routine journey between one's residence and workplace when walking is the means of travel."}
{"id":175,"rationale":"The question asks where someone would find multiple flats available to choose among. It points to a residential property or housing market where several separate living units are offered."}
{"id":176,"rationale":"The question asks where someone with worrying chest symptoms might seek medical attention without going directly to a hospital. The place should provide professional healthcare assessment in a less intensive outpatient setting."}
{"id":177,"rationale":"The question asks what activity someone is preparing for when buying beer for a float trip. A float trip normally involves spending recreational time traveling on water, so the purchase is preparation for that outing."}
{"id":178,"rationale":"The question asks what elective procedure may have become less popular among the surgeon's female clients. The relevant action would be a cosmetic surgical change that such a specialist traditionally performs."}
{"id":179,"rationale":"The question asks where an invented rather than real fox might be encountered. A fictional animal would appear in a created narrative or other imaginative work."}
{"id":180,"rationale":"The question refers to the cycle of strengthening and hardship in basic training. Military training deliberately challenges recruits after building their abilities so that they can recover and become more capable."}
{"id":181,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of musical activity is occurring when someone fiddles on a violin. A violin is an instrument used to produce music, so the answer should describe the musical material being performed."}
{"id":182,"rationale":"The question asks about the recipient's cost when another person purchases an item and gives it as a gift. Because the recipient does not pay for the item, its cost status from their perspective reflects the absence of payment."}
{"id":183,"rationale":"The question asks about a common motivation for flirting with several people simultaneously. Flirting can be used to attract attention, explore romantic possibilities, or seek social or romantic interest without committing to one person."}
{"id":184,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of destination commonly leads to wandering aisles with a cart and impulsively buying unhealthy snacks when hungry. It should be a retail place where food and household goods are selected from shelves."}
{"id":185,"rationale":"The question asks for a normal bodily consequence of running that cannot realistically be avoided. Physical exertion increases the body's workload and triggers automatic physiological responses associated with heat, breathing, or circulation."}
{"id":186,"rationale":"The question asks what sedentary activity parents might restrict to keep children physically active. It should be an activity typically done while sitting still for extended periods, often involving entertainment or a screen."}
{"id":187,"rationale":"The question asks where ordinary knives intended for an outdoor activity could be obtained. The relevant place would be a legitimate retailer that sells appropriate cutting tools or outdoor equipment."}
{"id":188,"rationale":"The question asks what type of structure typically contains a computer user completing an important work assignment. The setting should be a building or workspace designed for professional work."}
{"id":189,"rationale":"The question asks what someone might naturally do when tired and facing gloomy rainy weather. Fatigue and conditions that discourage outdoor activity commonly lead people toward resting or sleeping."}
{"id":190,"rationale":"The question asks which type of government agency issues licenses for catching crabs. Such licensing is generally handled by an authority responsible for fishing, wildlife, or marine resources."}
{"id":191,"rationale":"The question asks for a common class of objects manufactured from metal. The answer should be something whose normal construction benefits from metal's strength, durability, conductivity, or ability to be shaped."}
{"id":192,"rationale":"The question asks for the geographic word used with Manchester to distinguish which county or regional area is meant. This requires knowledge of the conventional place-name qualifier associated with the relevant Manchester."}
{"id":193,"rationale":"The question asks how an inexperienced computer user might react when a program repeatedly produces errors. Persistent technical failures commonly cause an amateur user to become confused, frustrated, or engage in basic troubleshooting."}
{"id":194,"rationale":"The question asks for an edible plant-derived item that is normally washed before consumption. Fresh produce commonly needs rinsing to remove soil, residue, or other surface contaminants."}
{"id":195,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of equipment can be used to capture a jellyfish. The tool would need to collect or contain an aquatic animal while being usable in water."}
{"id":196,"rationale":"The question asks for an object with a shelf whose contents are hidden from view. This implies enclosed storage with an opaque door or covering rather than an exposed shelving unit."}
{"id":197,"rationale":"The question asks for a retail location where small convenience items such as magazines, newspapers, and gum are commonly sold. Such purchases are typical of a small shop or sales point designed for quick transactions."}
{"id":198,"rationale":"The question asks about an adverse consequence of playing a mentally demanding board game in cold conditions. Low temperature can cause physical discomfort or reduced dexterity and may interfere with concentration or performance."}
{"id":199,"rationale":"The question asks why a young child may struggle with a lengthy book. Young children generally have developing reading skills, vocabulary, attention spans, and stamina, making sustained reading more difficult."}
{"id":200,"rationale":"The question asks about the basic conditions and resources children need for healthy development. Healthy growth depends on adequate physical care, nourishment, safety, rest, emotional support, and opportunities to develop."}
{"id":201,"rationale":"The question asks about a setting where using a fruit-related term as an insult would be especially unwise. The relevant place would make the insult conspicuous, inappropriate, or likely to provoke a negative reaction because of the people or context present."}
{"id":202,"rationale":"The question asks what dirty place or object James would need to clean so he could become comfortable. The answer should be something that can accumulate enough dirt or debris to interfere with sitting, resting, or using it comfortably."}
{"id":203,"rationale":"The question asks about a common reaction to watching uninteresting television. A person who is insufficiently engaged may lose attention, become tired, or experience another state associated with boredom."}
{"id":204,"rationale":"The question asks what type of facility could contain both a dressing room and a sauna where businesspeople might relax. The answer should be a place offering recreational, fitness, or leisure amenities."}
{"id":205,"rationale":"The question contrasts living in a national capital with moving somewhere else. The new location should be another plausible type of populated place or residential area within or outside the country."}
{"id":206,"rationale":"The question asks where household or workplace waste is transferred when a maid empties a small trash container. It would normally go into a larger receptacle or collection location used before disposal."}
{"id":207,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of vessel an ancient Norse seafarer would board while carrying animal pelts. The answer must be a watercraft appropriate to historical travel, raiding, trading, or exploration."}
{"id":208,"rationale":"The question asks about the emotional response commonly caused by performing publicly for the first time. An unfamiliar performance situation often creates heightened anticipation, self-consciousness, or concern about how things will go."}
{"id":209,"rationale":"The question asks where a marine anemone could be found off the eastern United States. The answer should describe a saltwater habitat or geographic body of water along that coast."}
{"id":210,"rationale":"The question asks where clothing intended for travel is commonly stored or packed. The answer should be a portable container designed to hold personal belongings during a trip."}
{"id":211,"rationale":"The question asks what negative future event a pessimist might predict even after observing sunrise. Everyday knowledge includes the regular daily cycle in which daylight eventually ends."}
{"id":212,"rationale":"The question describes a performer stepping onto a launch platform before a show. The job should involve a performance in which a raised or specialized platform is used to begin a dramatic physical action."}
{"id":213,"rationale":"The question asks how a newspaper can be used in connection with an engagement. Newspapers commonly publish public notices about important personal events, so the required action involves making the engagement publicly known."}
{"id":214,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of retail location would sell a high-quality, carefully made writing instrument. The answer should be a shop associated with writing supplies, specialty goods, or refined merchandise."}
{"id":215,"rationale":"The question asks why a detective gathers information from witnesses. Witness accounts provide evidence and details that can help establish what happened and support the resolution of an investigation."}
{"id":216,"rationale":"The question asks where Joe might store tools and consequently encounter spiders. The answer should be a household or property space commonly used for storing equipment and where spiders can plausibly live undisturbed."}
{"id":217,"rationale":"The question asks for a plausible motive or circumstance in which a woman might kill an unknown person encountered in a dark alley. The context suggests an immediate threat or dangerous confrontation in which severe defensive action could occur."}
{"id":218,"rationale":"The question asks what a cranky baby might refuse to do even though it needs breakfast. The missing action should be the basic behavior required to consume the offered food."}
{"id":219,"rationale":"The question asks what sensible action someone might take when worried that an illness is dangerously serious. A prudent response would involve seeking appropriate medical evaluation or care rather than relying only on fear."}
{"id":220,"rationale":"The question asks how a child might explain behavior for which he has no deliberate reason. The missing concept should describe an unplanned impulse, whim, or spontaneous motivation rather than a considered explanation."}
{"id":221,"rationale":"The question asks what type of structure could have a storey offering a panoramic view. Such a view generally requires a tall, elevated, or otherwise unobstructed building."}
{"id":222,"rationale":"The question asks for a destination where large truckloads of lettuce are delivered. The answer should be a commercial or distribution location that receives substantial quantities of produce for sale, storage, or further shipment."}
{"id":223,"rationale":"The question asks why people near the end of life might receive Social Security payments. Such payments are generally based on eligibility such as age, retirement status, disability, or prior contributions rather than how much longer someone is expected to live."}
{"id":224,"rationale":"The question asks what school setting contains students listening while a teacher demonstrates a song on a piano. The answer should be an instructional room or class environment suitable for group music education."}
{"id":225,"rationale":"The question asks for the primary everyday reason people bathe. Bathing mainly removes dirt, sweat, odors, and other substances from the body as part of personal hygiene."}
{"id":226,"rationale":"The question asks what offense a person operating a vehicle may be accused of after becoming intoxicated. Laws commonly prohibit controlling or driving a vehicle while one's abilities are impaired by alcohol or another intoxicant."}
{"id":227,"rationale":"The question asks where a cavity would normally be a health concern. In everyday health usage, a cavity commonly refers to decay forming in a hard part of the mouth that requires dental attention."}
{"id":228,"rationale":"The question asks which printed publication people traditionally use to learn about current events. The answer should be a regularly issued print source containing reports about recent local, national, or international developments."}
{"id":229,"rationale":"The question asks for a convenient surface on which to place coffee while sitting and relaxing. The surface should be stable, reachable from a seated position, and intended or suitable for holding drinks."}
{"id":230,"rationale":"The question asks what would remain messy after eating a runny fried egg without bread to absorb the liquid. The answer should be the eating surface or item that directly receives leftover yolk and food residue."}
{"id":231,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of facility might offer both weightlifting equipment and a squash court. The answer should be a membership or recreational venue containing multiple exercise and sports amenities."}
{"id":232,"rationale":"The question asks about a common emotional reaction when another person judges someone guilty. Depending on whether the judgment seems deserved, a person may experience a negative feeling related to blame, resentment, shame, or perceived unfairness."}
{"id":233,"rationale":"The question asks what kitchen appliance commonly receives two slices of bread during breakfast preparation. The appliance should be specifically designed to heat and brown sliced bread."}
{"id":234,"rationale":"The question asks for a political or governmental component found within a federal republic such as the United States. The answer should be a recognized territorial or governmental subdivision that forms part of the larger republic."}
{"id":235,"rationale":"The question asks about a bodily condition after sex that could motivate someone to shower. Physical activity and close contact can leave people feeling sweaty, sticky, or otherwise in need of washing."}
{"id":236,"rationale":"The question asks what internal mental or biological thing is stimulated during kissing. Kissing can produce emotional and sensory arousal through processes occurring in the brain and nervous system."}
{"id":237,"rationale":"The question asks where a walking student might put away a writing instrument. The answer should be a portable storage place on the student's clothing or belongings that can securely hold a small object."}
{"id":238,"rationale":"The question asks about the primary professional activity of professors. Their work centers on higher education and typically involves instructing students, with research and scholarship also common responsibilities."}
{"id":239,"rationale":"The question asks what action or resource may be necessary when doing cleaning. Cleaning commonly requires removing dirt or disorder using suitable supplies, equipment, water, or physical effort."}
{"id":240,"rationale":"The question asks what bodily substance might be present in excess if someone spits frequently without realizing it. Spitting normally expels fluid produced naturally in the mouth."}
{"id":241,"rationale":"The question asks about the goal behind an animal's behavior, but no specific behavior is provided here. The intended answer would need to identify a basic animal objective such as obtaining a resource, avoiding danger, reproducing, moving somewhere, or completing another survival-related task."}
{"id":242,"rationale":"The question connects deliberate weight cutting and concern about energy levels with participation in an activity. Weight cutting is common in competitive events where participants are divided into weight classes and must meet a specified limit."}
{"id":243,"rationale":"The question asks about common behaviors used to maintain health. Relevant everyday practices include adequate physical activity, nutritious food, sufficient rest, hygiene, and other preventive habits."}
{"id":244,"rationale":"The question asks whom or what a guard is assigned to protect or watch. Guards typically provide security for a person, place, property, group, or controlled area, but the wording gives no further context to narrow it."}
{"id":245,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of temporary accommodation Danny is using while visiting a town for a week. Being expensive, having room furnishings, and being booked solid are typical features of a commercial place where travelers pay to stay."}
{"id":246,"rationale":"The question asks where humans ordinarily obtain shelter for everyday survival. The answer should be a protected living space that shields people from weather, environmental hazards, and exposure."}
{"id":247,"rationale":"The question contrasts naturally formed beautiful structures with structures produced by another process. The missing property should refer to things constructed or created through human effort rather than formed naturally."}
{"id":248,"rationale":"The question asks what cloud water becomes under sufficiently cold conditions. Cooling can cause liquid water droplets to freeze into solid forms of water that may remain in clouds or fall as precipitation."}
{"id":249,"rationale":"The question asks about the emotional effect that enjoyable play has on John and Tim. Recreational play commonly produces a positive mood associated with enjoyment and pleasure."}
{"id":250,"rationale":"The question asks what reaction may occur when someone sees newly presented gifts at a birthday celebration. Unexpected or newly revealed presents can produce an emotional response involving excitement, curiosity, or surprise."}
{"id":251,"rationale":"The question asks about a place a cat might leap into after being attracted by the smell of food, while creating immediate danger. The location should contain or be associated with something hot or otherwise life-threatening."}
{"id":252,"rationale":"The question asks how eating hamburger could cause a fatal outcome. Meat can carry harmful pathogens or contaminants, especially when improperly handled, stored, or cooked."}
{"id":253,"rationale":"The question asks where a careless eater would typically leave food residue or spills. The expected place is a surface or area directly involved in eating."}
{"id":254,"rationale":"The question asks why a small flying animal would carry a piece of string. Such animals often collect lightweight materials to construct or line a place used for shelter and raising young."}
{"id":255,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of person or thing would normally travel to or be present at a tennis court. It should be associated with playing, practicing, watching, or supporting the sport."}
{"id":256,"rationale":"The question asks about the usual household location of a salt shaker. It is commonly kept where food is served, eaten, or seasoned."}
{"id":257,"rationale":"The question asks how a high-status person in a strongly hierarchical ancient society might regard people of lower social rank. The relevant concept is a status relationship in which lower-ranked people are viewed as socially beneath the elite."}
{"id":258,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of business would plausibly have sauces and ketchup spilled on its carpet. The business should be one where customers regularly eat prepared food and use such condiments."}
{"id":259,"rationale":"The question contrasts believing something is possible with acknowledging uncertainty about it. The needed description should express that the outcome is not guaranteed or fully certain."}
{"id":260,"rationale":"The question asks which district or neighborhood of a West Coast U.S. city is especially associated with Japanese culture and businesses. Such cities may have an ethnic enclave where Japanese restaurants are concentrated."}
{"id":261,"rationale":"The question asks where someone would purchase a two-wheeled means of transportation. The expected place is a retailer specializing in or commonly selling that kind of vehicle."}
{"id":262,"rationale":"The question asks what woodworking step is needed when a wooden surface remains rough. The worker must further smooth or finish the surface using an appropriate abrasive or finishing process."}
{"id":263,"rationale":"The question asks what remains for a tribal leader after every other member has been killed. The wording points to the leader being the sole remaining member of the group."}
{"id":264,"rationale":"The question asks how a neighboring plant would respond when another plant grows taller in competition for sunlight. Plants competing for light may also increase their upward growth to maintain access to it."}
{"id":265,"rationale":"The question asks where the pointed or sharp-looking parts of a triangle are located. These occur at the places where two sides meet."}
{"id":266,"rationale":"The question asks what repeated exposure to an initially surprising show would become. Repetition generally reduces surprise as the event becomes familiar and expected."}
{"id":267,"rationale":"The question asks about the usual path of a planet relative to its star. Planets follow recurring orbital paths governed by gravity rather than moving randomly."}
{"id":268,"rationale":"The question asks which emotion commonly motivates someone to strike another person. The relevant emotion is associated with hostility, frustration, or an urge toward aggression."}
{"id":269,"rationale":"The question asks about a shark's natural location before humans capture it. The expected environment is the body of water where such an animal normally lives."}
{"id":270,"rationale":"The question asks about the likely consequence of intentionally killing people. Such acts are serious crimes and typically lead to severe legal punishment if the perpetrator is caught and convicted."}
{"id":271,"rationale":"The question asks for a characterization of someone who judges another person despite lacking sufficient knowledge. The relevant trait involves forming conclusions without adequate information or fair consideration."}
{"id":272,"rationale":"The question asks where someone would look up the definition of an unfamiliar word. The appropriate source is a reference resource designed to provide word meanings."}
{"id":273,"rationale":"The question asks where lakes formed by glaciers are especially likely to occur. Such lakes are common in cold or formerly glaciated regions shaped by large masses of moving ice."}
{"id":274,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of retail place people visit to buy grape juice along with assorted snacks. The expected store routinely sells beverages, packaged food, and other everyday groceries."}
{"id":275,"rationale":"The question asks which basic ongoing activity ceases when a person dies. The relevant fact is that death permanently ends essential biological life processes."}
{"id":276,"rationale":"The question asks which action sport has a strong cultural association with punk rock music. The sport should have a youth-oriented subculture historically linked to punk music, style, and attitude."}
{"id":277,"rationale":"The question asks why someone would inspect something in detail. Close examination is typically done to discover information, identify features or problems, or understand the object better."}
{"id":278,"rationale":"The question asks about a common consequence of consuming alcohol. Alcohol impairs normal mental and physical functioning, especially as the amount consumed increases."}
{"id":279,"rationale":"The question asks for the conceptual opposite of having only a small quantity. The required idea is having a comparatively large quantity or amount."}
{"id":280,"rationale":"The question asks how Earth appears visually to an astronaut viewing it from space. From sufficiently far away, its overall planetary shape and appearance become visible rather than the local flat-looking surface."}
{"id":281,"rationale":"The question asks where a kosher deli might be located alongside many other eating establishments. The setting should be a place designed to contain multiple food vendors or restaurants together."}
{"id":282,"rationale":"The question asks what polite behavior a child should show after receiving and opening birthday gifts. Social etiquette calls for expressing appreciation to the person who gave each gift."}
{"id":283,"rationale":"The question asks where a snowflake originates. Snowflakes develop high in the atmosphere when water vapor or tiny droplets freeze into ice crystals under suitable conditions."}
{"id":284,"rationale":"The question asks about an emotion that can accompany applying for and obtaining a job. Employment changes and new responsibilities can produce apprehension or uneasiness even when the outcome is favorable."}
{"id":285,"rationale":"The question asks where a farmer must be if the farmer sees a weasel in the woods. The observer must be in or sufficiently near that wooded environment to see the animal there."}
{"id":286,"rationale":"The question asks under what setting or conditions the sky is often considered especially visually striking. Certain times of day produce dramatic colors and lighting that people commonly find beautiful."}
{"id":287,"rationale":"The question asks what typically prompts applause from an audience. People generally clap to show approval or appreciation after witnessing a performance, achievement, or presentation."}
{"id":288,"rationale":"The question asks where someone could obtain a musical instrument they do not already own. The expected place is a retailer or source that sells musical instruments."}
{"id":289,"rationale":"The question asks what kind of demands unions must make for a strike to end. Ending a labor dispute generally requires demands or terms that can be accepted through negotiation and compromise."}
{"id":290,"rationale":"The question asks what structure a landscaper is making by carefully arranging stones in an arch over a creek. The structure must span the water and provide a crossing while using an arched stone design."}
{"id":291,"rationale":"The question asks what behavior characterizes a bully. A bully is known for repeatedly intimidating, threatening, humiliating, or harming people perceived as less able to resist."}
{"id":292,"rationale":"The question asks about a preferred degree of cooking for sheep meat. The wording points to diners wanting the meat thoroughly cooked rather than left substantially undercooked."}
{"id":293,"rationale":"The question asks where someone pursuing an advanced academic degree might sit in a chair while doing their work. The expected setting is associated with higher education, studying, research, or academic instruction."}
{"id":294,"rationale":"The question contrasts the certain outcome of not entering a competition with the uncertainty created by participating. Competing introduces the possibility of achieving a favorable result rather than guaranteeing failure by absence."}
{"id":295,"rationale":"The question asks what medium might contain uninteresting or low-quality content that leaves someone bored. The expected object is commonly watched for entertainment and can carry programs or shows."}
{"id":296,"rationale":"The question asks what broad natural category or system contains animals as a major component. The intended concept should encompass living organisms or the natural living world."}
{"id":297,"rationale":"The question asks what storage item can be purchased to hold spare belongings that are not currently being used. It should be a container or piece of storage equipment suitable for organizing miscellaneous items."}
{"id":298,"rationale":"The question asks where a vacationer using binoculars to observe nesting birds might be. The likely setting is an outdoor natural area where wild birds nest and can be watched from a distance."}
{"id":299,"rationale":"The question asks for a place containing many different kinds of cultivated plants, including flowering shrubs. The expected setting is an area intentionally used to grow and display a variety of plants."}
{"id":300,"rationale":"The question asks where someone would go to obtain a replacement hose for a compressor. The appropriate business would sell tools, equipment, repair supplies, or compatible replacement parts."}